< All Blogs

Editor’s Note: This article was first published April 22, 2022 and last updated April 24, 2023.

Right smack dab in the middle of Midtown, Georgia Tech is lucky to be surrounded by a litany of great restaurants accommodating every budget. So whether you’re a student looking for a cheap eat or a parent visiting your kid and wanting to go somewhere a little nicer, there’s something delicious for you. Here’s a list of great spots in alphabetical order.

1. Antico’s

1093 Hemphill Ave. Atlanta, GA 30318

Antico’s may very well be the most famous restaurant in Atlanta for their Neapolitan style wood-fired pizzas, and honestly the hype is real. The deliciousness and the perfection of these pizzas cannot really be overstated. They’ve probably easily sold 500,000 of these bad boys by now, and the Georgia Tech location is the original. It’s great for a takeaway dinner as a treat during finals week, or to grab a bite with your parents and enjoy family style in their simple dining room, or to split a pie amongst friends.

2. Choong Man Chicken

525 10th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30318

There are a lot of Korean fried chicken fans on staff at Atlanta Eats, and we’re here to tell you after taste testing quite a few of them around town, this Korea based chain is really to notch. Tech students are lucky to have one right near campus on the edge of Home Park. The garlic soy and snow onion chickens are umami deliciousness and the red hot pepper/gochujang chicken is not for the faint of heart. Pick these up for a study break, and enjoy!

3. Cypress Street Pint & Plate

817 W Peachtree St NW, Atlanta, GA 30308

There’s a lot of great bars around the U.S., but we humbly think Cypress Street is one of the best full stop. They’ve always got a fun special on the menu, and if you really want to go for a cheat meal, the Krispy Kreme burger is a work of art. They also have a $3 mimosa on Sundays for brunch. You can’t beat that!

4. Eight Sushi

930 Howell Mill Rd NW, Atlanta, GA 30318

Eight Sushi is overall excellent, and perfect for a special treat night or dinner with the parents. Order the tuna crisp appetizer, topped with truffle oil, which smells and tastes heavenly. The ambiance is hip and trendy, and they’ve got a patio too if you want to take in this gorgeous spring weather we’re having.

5. Food Terminal

1000 Marietta St NW UNIT 202, Atlanta, GA 30318

We love Food Terminal because it’s like all of Buford Highway in one spot, and their location in West Midtown is just the same. True to Malaysian food, they pull inspiration from everywhere. And the garlic bone marrow ramen is f***ing amazing! And the Hainanese chicken is a great comfort dish, and roti canai are a must order. You really just can’t go wrong with this spot.

6. The Optimist

914 Howell Mill Rd, Atlanta, GA 30318

The Optimist is an oldie but a goodie, and it lives up to the high expectations we have for a Ford Fry restaurant. Like other Ford Fry spot, it’s bright, with modern-rustic decor in an industrial-era Atlanta building, the menu is comforting and inspired in equal measure. And for the kid in all of us, The Optimist features a few holes of putt-putt — just in case you have to wait for your table. Their menu that features hearth roasted fish and meats, and if you think sushi is the only way to eat raw fish, the Oyster Bar at The Optimist offers dishes that will change your mind. It’s a great place to enjoy with your parents, or for a date night.

7. Pijiu Belly

678 10th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30318

This Asian fusion spot was featured on Guy Fieri’s Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives for their Korean Crispy Rotisserie Chicken, but everything they’ve got is pretty dang delicious. Just listen to their menu: Thai tots. Dumplings. Bulgogi kimchi tacos. Come HUNGRY! The prices are also reasonable, so there’s a lot to love!

8. Rocky Mountain Pizza Company

1005 Hemphill Ave NW, Atlanta, GA 30318

The trivia night and the pitcher deals have sustained many a Georgia Tech student during stressful times. The pizza and the wings are typical, but it’s the comfortable, college bar feeling and making memories with your friends that makes this place speicla.

9. Sweet Hut

935 Peachtree St NE UNIT 935, Atlanta, GA 30309

When you’re in need of something sweet, Sweet Hut’s midtown location is perfect for GaTech students to a grab a milk tea or boba. And of course you can’t forget about their Asian inspired pastries and baked goodies! They’re generally open late as well, making it a good study spot too.

10. The Vortex

878 Peachtree St NE, Atlanta, GA 30309

When talking about the history of great burger spots in Atlanta, you can’t forget about the Vortex. It’s become famous for its quirkily named foods, like the “Triple Coronary Bypass” that have thousands of calories (you can also enjoy their regular and delicious burgers if heart surgery is not on your bucket list). Their Little 5 Points location is especially awesome, but the Midtown location features really fun and funky rock ‘n roll vibes and is an easy walk from east campus especially.

11. Wagaya

339 14th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30318

We love this Japanese spot for any occasion: a comforting midweek meal, a low-key date night spot, a catch-up with friends, or even for take out! Their rice bowls are all delish, the sushi rolls are so fresh and tasty, and the ramen + sushi combos can’t be beat.

12. West Egg

1100 Howell Mill Rd, Atlanta, GA 30318

There are new brunch spots popping up on the daily, but few have the charm and deliciousness of mainstay West Egg. The banana bread French toast is iconic, and they offer tons of sweet and delicious coffees and lattes. Take a study break and pop in for breakfast or brunch. It’s an especially good idea to check it out on a weekday, though the menu is a little smaller, for less of a wait.

Featured Blog Posts

The *Ultimate* Guide to Atlanta’s Best Brunches

29 Romantic Restaurants for Date Night in Atlanta

Call us biased, but we think ATL is one of the most romantic (and delicious) cities in the U.S.A.! And we can prove it with these restaurants that truly deliver both gourmet cuisine and romance. Here are our picks for the top 29 romantic restaurants and places in Atlanta, perfect for you and your boo’s next night out on the town.

Atlanta’s Most Exclusive Secret Bars and Speakeasies

The secret is out! Here’s where to find Atlanta’s most under-the-radar speakeasies, lounges and exclusive, members-only spaces.

The Absolute *Best* Restaurants in Athens, GA

Athens, Georgia is the greatest college town on the planet. The Classic City has everything, but what separates Athens from so many other college towns is its unbelievable food scene. Here are just a few of the finest restaurants in Athens near the UGA campus.

50 Outstanding Black-Owned Restaurants in Atlanta

Atlanta’s Best Ice Cream Shops

There’s no better sweet reward for a long day than a heaping, scoop-filled ice cream cone with whatever toppings warm your heart. Since you’ve earned that reward, we listed some of Atlanta’s best ice cream shops – everything from loaded milkshakes to matcha soft serve to small batch wonders to the hippest ice cream chain in the country.

13 Terrific Black-Owned Soul Food Spots Around ATL

Nourish your soul with some phenomenal soul food that tastes just like your mama made it. Get cozy with some delicious soul food from some of Atlanta’s most outstanding chefs and restaurateurs!

11 Atlanta Restaurants And Bars With Absolutely Breathtaking Views

Whether you’re looking for a meal on the bucolic Chattahoochee River or cocktails 10 stories high overlooking all of Atlanta, you’ll be impressed with our list on Atlanta’s top restaurants for breathtaking views.

Unique (But Freakin’ Delicious) Meals In Atlanta

Atlanta is a town full of talented chefs and restaurant owners, but some of them are really bringing creativity to a whole new level as well. They’re combining some truly unique flavors to make some rare and unusual dishes that you can’t just find anywhere.