Alma cocina (Mexican), la mei zi (Taiwanese), mamak (Malaysian), las delicias de la abuela (Colombian), ecco (Italian), la tavola (Italian), brush sushi (Japanese), desta (Ethiopian), chai pani (Indian), Sufis (Persian), Nam phuong (vietnamese)... I think these should be enough to start with haha

This is a really solid list. I regularly went to Chai Pani and Desta in particular. To add a few more of my favorites: Lee’s Bakery for banh mi (pho isn’t bad either), Purnima (Bangladeshi), and Food Terminal is a newer SE Asian/Malaysian place on Buford Highway.

For Banh Mi I STRONGLY recommend Quoc Huong Banh Mi on Buford Hwy, but for pho I recommend Pho Bac instead.

I second Quoc Huong for Bahn mi. It is perfection. Just remember they are a cash only business

As an Indian, chai pani is just okay, try Gokul Sweets or Zyka instead

For sushi, I would recommend trying Kuroshio here in midtown. I went to brush 2 weeks ago and found it generally overpriced and all around meh.

Kuroshio runs a half off all sushi special every Wednesday from 5-7pm

Rumi's > Sufi's IMO

This is an amazing list. For Indian I would recommend Chat Patti instead because its less expensive and in the area for similar quality.

What kind of food do you like? If you haven't been over to Buford Hwy yet I would strongly recommend it as there's tons of authentic restaurants for just about any cuisine you can imagine. Just take MARTA to the chamblee stop and you can walk over like a block to get on a stretch of Buford Highway that's just restaurant after restaurant and for the most part they're very affordable. Some of my favorites: Chong Qing Hot Pot (authentic chinese food, has delicious and huge hotpots), Food Terminal (owned by owners of Sweet Hut, very modern with tons of malaysian food options), El Rey Del Taco (mexican restaurant with delicious homemade corn tortillas), Tempo Doeloe (hole in the wall type place with good cheap indonesian food), Yet Tuh (sort of hidden small korean restaurant with delicious seafood pancakes), Quoc Huong (cheap and delicious Banh mi). Other great restaurants: Zyka (best indian food in Atlanta imo, I love their chicken 65), Antico (close to campus, authentic neopolitan type pizza with ingredients shipped in from italy), Desta Ethiopian.

lemon pepper wings - doesn't matter where from, just get them

You're from Atlanta aren't you?

yeah, honestly i don't even like wings that much but lemon pepper wings are undeniably atlanta's staple food

Very solid list! Tempo doeloe is very authentic and delicious Indonesian food. Almost all the dishes taste like they do at home.

I think they have a great beef rendang. Each time I go I just get their lunch combo. If you do a la carte you can go for the Indonesian staples of Nasi Goreng (fried rice) or Nasi Padang.

check out west village

Great Japanese at Wa Ga Ya on 14th, I go there for ramen once a week.

Jinya is also awesome

Jinya is great but it's a national chain so I wouldn't exactly call it an Atlanta staple.