Cheba hut, right behind the CRC. Awesome subs. Have been there 10+ times.

Trying out Cheba tomorrow now! What are some of your favorites?

I get something different every time since they have a big menu, so they're all my favorites. The most recent one I got had chicken, bacon, and ranch as the main.

Kali mist 100%

Cheba hut is insanely good

Is it really that good though? I've been there 3 times and each time it was just... sad.

It is sad and expensive.

Thats a place to go when your day goes to shit and you need something to comfort you.

I think for most people once you find your flavor that's it. Jamaican jerk was it for me.

I dont think its that good. Pretty mid.

Nah, hear me out. You buy a shirt from them, $10 and it’s pretty comfy, and only go on Wednesdays. You get a sizable amount of food, and a free brownie when you wear their shirt there. Adds up if you go semi-often. In addition, those meals are indeed ~$15, but it’s only expensive if you eat all that in one sitting (kudos if you can lol). I turn that into 3 meals easy, so $5 each. All how you spin it honestly. Hard to find a place that’ll give you 1 1/2 pounds chicken, a ton of fries, and a drink for that price. Also, chipotle ranch is meta tbh

Food Terminal and Firehouse were my favorites

Wagaya is a yummy Japanese restaurant and there’s a cute lil Japanese grocery store next to it!

JR CRICKETS get the lemon pepper wet wings, you will not regret it

Atwoods pizza is amazing, right across the street from Scheller. Blue donkey not bad, but it's always packed. Wingnuts is fire, the Korean fried chicken place near the UPS around 8th street is really good. Ponko chicken is amazing. Publix has really good subs, but the one near tech square is a little more expensive than the one near north ave. Qdoba is really really good, far better than chipotle. The pho spots around campus are honestly not that good, service takes a long time, broth is ok. Avoid rays pizza. Tea corner is pretty decent. Park 27 kbbq is extremely overpriced, meat quality is decent at best. If you have a car, there are much better places you can go to. Have heard really good things about Antico.

Midtown (right next to GT): Momonoki Ramen pretty close by, and it's a great ramen place, highly recommend. Halal guys is generally very nice too, they offer takeout, and they're open very late (somedays till 1am). Waffle House. Tin Drum (sometimes this place is understaffed). Ray's Pizza (super popular place for takeout/dine-in, their pizza is really good). Gyro Bros (worse than Halal guys imo, but cheaper). In terms of dining halls: Brittain: probably the best place on East, generally has a variety of food. Nav: the only place on East open on weekends; rather consistent with its food. Willage: great all-around, the only place on West.

Rays pizza is not it. You go in there to wait 20 minutes for a slice of pizza, and the cheese is soggy, sauce has no flavor, crust and bread is soggy. It's such a hit or miss spot, would rather just go to atwoods across the street

Scoville fried chicken sandwiches are really good, there’s one not too far from tech driving distance.

On Wednesdays, Marrakech express (near exhibition hall) has really good lamb and chicken

I second this place. It’s tastes amazing and it’s cheaper than what they sell on the food trucks. Better than gyro bros imo.

Totally agree! I am blown away by how much lamb he gives for $12

Wingnuts and Satto being in the same spot always makes my life difficult. They’re both so good

It's wingnut Wednesday

Not top tier itself, but twisted taco queso in the exhibition hall hits different after a hard day

Check out the ig account @gt_food_review. Also best place for milkshakes is cookout!

I love gyro bros in time square, they have meal deals and it’s a bunch of food and a drink for like $9. Ponko chicken is also a favorite of mine. A little further away is McAlister’s which is a Panera-like chain and it’s my favorite lunch spot.

+1 on gyro Bros, I go there at least once every few weeks. Price is pretty good, food is amazing, and right across the street from my classes

O-ku is great, especially when they have their roll happy hours.

Thumbs Up diner next to the right of cheba hut. Very much recommend but bring cash because they only take cash!!

If you’re willing to go off campus and spend a little money for a night out, I really enjoy Bartaco off west. It’s quality Mexican. Their guacamole is something special.

I liked Umma's House a lot. Especially when the free miso soup didn't run out.

Ponko Chicken (Japanese-American) and Ahns Kitchen (Vietnamese) are both on Peachtree Street. Ahns is close to Scheller, Ponko is close to the Publix.

Ponko chicken is so good

AVIVA at the Coda building!!!! Amazing, healthy food! Also, Vietvana is dope too.

Moe's (in Tech Square) has any burrito for like $6ish+tax on Monday. You can also get chips and salsa with it for free.

Do (all) the food trucks on campus take dining dollars? Or is it buzzfunds?

They take both dining and buzzfunds!

Atwood’s, Antico for pizza. Halal Guys, Mamoun’s Falafel for Mediterranean. 26 Thai. Rreal Tacos, Tin Lizzy’s.

For some spots a little further from campus: Fellini’s Pizza is probably my favorite pizza place. Good quality and relatively cheap compared to Antico’s. They sell pizza by the slice and usually 2 slices is pretty filling. Velvet Taco is a Mexican fusion restaurant offering some pretty unique tacos. 26 Thai is def the best Thai near campus. It’s definitely better than Satto. Tabla is really good for Indian food, but good luck finding a table.

I really like Blue India for Indian which is closeish to tech square!

Choongman Chicken for good chicken very messy though

Tin Drum (in Tech Square) is fire

Talkin Tacos is a new concept on Piedmont Road NE. We will be offering student discounts. Our customers’ favorite items are: Caribbean tacos, Cali burrito, Chicken Achiote, Birria Tacos, Street Corn. About 2-3 miles from campus, available on Uber Eats.