If you like boba, I highly recommend Tea Corner! It's on the corner of North Ave and Peachtree St. It's a relatively new place (opened in fall 2020), but it's really good. It's also owned and run by just two people, who are both super nice.

Ding Tea just opened off west on the way to West egg, another good food area.

Ding tea was really good. Kinda pricy (around where sweethut prices are) but good

Boba is a commodity, it's always gonna be kinda pricey. But at least ding tea is good where as sweethut's milk tea is widely considered to be better than nothing but worse than anything else.

Cypress Street Pint and Plate, Antico, and Bone Lick BBQ were some of my favorite places. Unfortunately Bone Lick is no longer in West Midtown. Antico is the best pizza I've ever had. Cypress Street has the best chicken fingers I've ever had, and they have great burgers as well.

You know you're from the South when Antico's is the best pizza you've ever had

I mean it regularly appears on lists of best pizza in the state and the country, so it isn't just me that thinks so.

I’ve lived all over the country including NYC — Antico and Amazzas are two of the best pizzas I’ve ever had.

Ditto. I'm from NY. Antico's is still some of the best pizza I've ever had. Junior's is the best NY style pizza I've had in Atlanta. And their sicilian is like genuinely A+ tier usually.

What kind of pizza do you like? I really like Antico.

Circle Poké is just off campus, and it was basically my favorite restaurant while I was a student. I've graduated, but I'm still living in Atlanta, and any time I'm nearby Tech, I always always go back

This 100000%

seconded!!

Nothing will ever beat cookout at 2 am when you’re crying over CS homework

Atwood's Pizza just off of Tech Square is great

Their cheese is great, and it's not super expensive like Antico. Underrated imo.

And as far as I know their owner doesn’t abuse his employees!

Exactly why I try to go to Veruni Napoli when I have an Antico's craving.

Atwood's is a close #2 to Antico's imo, both are way better than Ray's